hi guys to keep us here with another
review this time we're reviewing the
Kingston HyperX cloud gaming headset
this is a professional gaming headset
that sells for around 60 pounds you can
get them in black or white in the box it
comes over to touch ball microphone one
microphone plug one spare sets of velvet
ear cushions and one control box cable
one extension cable one headset splitter
cable one airplane adapter and one mesh
bag the build quality the headphones is
excellent the mainframe throughout the
headband and holding the air cups is
made of aluminium which is flexible
enough to allow a good fit will equally
very strong and lightweight in many ways
it's the perfect material for any
headset the quality of the stitching is
great and makes the product feel premium
and of a high quality now to the most
important thing the sound the sound
quality is simply impressive it's got
superior gaming audio and music audio
playback due to the great clarity in
base the ear cups on the headset have
been designed very well and as a results
have a great oh noise cancellation the
headset is very comfortable to wear for
sure unknown period of time which is
usually hard finding other headphones my
favorite thing about the headset is the
detachable microphone I find it's very
useful when I switch from gaming to
listening to music this is a very useful
feature that is rarely found in gaming
headsets this headset is also very good
due to the variety of accessories that
come with it I'm the high quality
packaging the only disadvantage of the
headset is the limitation of colors that
their headsets available in remember if
you enjoy today's video and found it
useful be sure to leave a like comment
share or subscribe thanks for watching
and see you in the next video
you